##UnitOneAssignment_AngelitaFuentes##
Milo Credit
Fintech Case Study – Lending – Milo Credit incorporated in 2018. Josip Rupena is the CEO founder along with brother Daniel Rupena who is the manager and strategist.
I personally know Josip Rupena, he was a former financial advisor for many years at UBS and always had difficulties with being able to provide his international clients with lending solutions, which often times leads to the clients liquidating their investable assets under manage for real estate purchases. Milo credit is a venture backed financial technology company which is reimaging the way global consumers can access credit and financial solutions without borders.
Milo Credit is still in the early phases, they are working to build the right databases and technologies and hire the right personal as well as develop the referral sources, they are approximately 30% funded to the moment. 
The intended clients currently only international non-resident customers referred by broker dealers and domestic banks who are not able to offer lending solutions to their international clients. 
Approximately $2T of the real estate owned by international clients is in the U.S. 
There are not many FinTech companies in the international lending sector that can work with the ease of a passport, appraisal and an income statement, currently the main competitors are mortgage brokers and banks which have a longer closing process and longer list of required documents. 
I would suggest this company also enters the space of domestic lending although there is more competition in this area, however most international clients will have domestic family and friends for referrals. 
A company like Milo Credit is actually a solution to financial advisors and international banks who need to offer other solutions to their clients for cash outs, mortgages and refis which they are not able to do and at the same time insure they are able to keep the assets under management at their financial institution. 
